# CollegeProjects
Here are some of my best college projects that I enjoyed making with my groups.
Mostly I would focus on Front end code, but i also helped organize tasks given to every person of the group and helped in back end code or any task that needed more attention. 
What i enjoyed the most was having both backend and frontend tasks (full stack) so i wouldnt get tired of any specific, tho front end tasks was easier for me i would prefer backend tasks cause it was more of a challenge.

- In the rentIt project we used: Django, Pycharm, API, Python, CSS, html, microservices (tho I was given the task to frontend pages and implementing backend to the code), Scrum. We used Figma to create the style of our pages and where the information goes to. That way is easier to make the front end, and then implement the backend in the code. Our group started with 7 people, and ended up with 4. I was the only one making frontend pages and implementing the backend to the pages, while the other 3 were focusing on the db and implementing the functions. Sometimes I would help them when i finished the tasks on that day.
- In the covidVol we used: PHP, MariaDB (phpmyadmin), JSON, JQUERY, SQL, Javascript,CSS, a little of html. I was the representive of the group, created a tasks list for everyone, we used bootstrap for our overall menu website look but I created 2 pages from root based on the style of the menu. My tasks were both frontend and backend development, helped create db with my peers, made functions with SQL Queries. (WORK IN PROGRESS. ERRORS IN SQL DATABASE)
- In the cartografia project I used: Eclipse, Java. Did the project alone and the objective was to use coordenates of a specific format and then convert to another.
- In the Leilao project we used: Java, Eclipse, created classes diagrams and defined fuctions of each class before making the code. I did most of the project and helped my peers in difficulties.
- In the last project WeHelp we didnt make code, but it was the best project i made because not only we had to make storyboards and prototypes, but also englobed problem frameworks, empathy maps and afinity maps. The exploration of possible problems, think of ways not to discriminate anyone and thinking of an app useful for everyone with physical problems.
